Madison, Wisconsin, hello!
We're due west of Milwaukee, Madison, by a bunch of lakes I don't know.
Harmontown is now in session.
Won't you please welcome to the stage Wisconsin's own mayor, Dan Harmon!
Hey Madison, Wisconsin! Thank you very, very much!
You are too kind, you are too numerous, you are probably too cold, and your room is too echoey.
But we are going to... imagine me as just a god in a cave for this episode.
Are we out there or just for us?
Maybe it just bounces back weird for us.
Hello? Hello?
Jeff, quick improv sketch in a cave.
Okay.
Man, this place is dark, and I found a sandwich.
I'm Batman!
Whoa! All right, scene over.
It's good. As long as you can make it work for yourself.
This is as close as we're going to get to my hometown of Milwaukee on this tour.
Brown Deer!
Did someone just yell out, we love beer?
Oh yeah, Brown Deer, yeah. Is that Frito?
Wait, where's my buddy Frito? Is Frito here?
There he is.
My best friend from high school is here tonight, Dave Frito.
Let's get him up here. Let's bring him up.
Okay, well, he has a story to tell.
Dave, do you think you can make it up?
Because I know part of the story involves your locomotion.
Do you think you can make it up here, Dave?
Sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Breakdown, Madison, Wisconsin.
Fuck your mama in the mouth and the tonsils.
I fucked your mama like my name was Dan.
My name is Dan. Fuck you like a man.
Fuck you once. Fuck you twice.
Fuck you please. Fuck you like.
Fuck you're in the barn. Fuck you're in the hole.
Fuck you're like a pole lock.
From Milwaukee.
Fucked her with a walkie-talkie like my name is Bruce Willis.
Die hard. Fucked your mama by the yard.
Here's a yard. It's my dick.
Here's two yards. Both of my dicks.
Fifty yards. Whole thing's my dick.
I got a football dick. Go Packers, go!
That wasn't bad, Jeff.
That wasn't a bad rap.
We're off to a good start.
It wasn't a good one.
Unlike most of my raps, that was not bad.
I like that you fucked her fleas and her lice.
Yeah, you can see where I think of the rhyme.
What's another thing like lice?
Dave Friedel, everybody.
Dave Friedel, my best friend.
I met Dave when I was 15, 14 years old.
I just transferred into Brown Deer High School
in Brown Deer, Wisconsin, from Marshall High School,
just 4,000 students.
And then I transferred into this 600 students
like suburban high school.
Not the coolest entrance.
I wore a few fell pants.
I did own an Inspector Gadget raincoat,
which I did wear frequently and blah, blah, blah.
Not the coolest guy coming out of school.
Dave was the first guy who befriended me
because he saw my Dungeons & Dragons t-shirt.
Yeah, it was something along those lines.
It was one of those ones that were just in homeroom.
I think the D&D and the connection was made
real early on that freshman year.
I can't remember if it was you approached me first
or I approached you or whatever it was,
but I remember it was you coming up to me
and going, hey, you role-played?
You saw my Dungeons & Dragons shirt,
and I said, yeah, you used a computer?
It was easy to be a nerd back then.
There was one way to be a nerd back then.
If you had a computer, if you knew what one was
or how to turn it on, instead of a typewriter,
you were a nerd.
There were TV shows about how people would use computers
to make the refrigerator open
or make the world go to war with itself
because computers were magical and for nerds alone.
You told me about the Citizen's Band emulator,
which was this 300-baud chatroom,
which is where I met the girl I lost my virginity to.
The LA podcast episode where I'm reading from my journals,
and I'm talking about the girl that I...
Sam Pollution.
Yes, the girl that I...
The condom froze to the...
Yeah, and I had such good sex with
that she went to a mental hospital.
That was a...
I was a Stan Lee needs to come in the bottom and go,
webhands will remember Dan fucking a girl mental
from issue number 128.
So you fucked your brains out is what you're saying.
Well, that's how we choose to interpret it,
not that I sent her into a lifelong depression
with my adolescent Ruddings.
The...
What my point is, Friedel is a linchpin.
He's a galactic nexus.
We're so close to my hometown, Friedel came out here,
and I want to talk about your toe.
Oh, man. Of course.
So some woman made a theme song out there.
Yeah.
Oh, Friedel's toe.
I think Peter Gabriel is here tonight.
Friedel, Friedel's toe, Friedel's toe.
I think that pearls him.
There's a Friedel's toe.
Cos he can't walk around.
There's a George Michael version that's real popular, I think.
You got a blister on your toe.
Yeah, a blister.
Story does not end there.
No, no, it doesn't end there.
The blister got a little out of control,
and I thought I'd taken care of it,
and cleaned it up and was doing the proper care to it,
but maybe I quit the antibiotics a little too early
or something along those lines.
And so by mid-December,
when I started to notice the toes smelling like cheese,
I thought that there was...
Toasteries are not going to make you feel warm and cuddly.
It's not date night.
We're from Wisconsin here, so it's sort of a...
Yeah, it's a familiar smell or something.
When cottage cheese goes bad, so...
Yeah, so the toe started to go bad.
What's your toe on which foot?
It's the right.
The right big toe.
So your big toe on your right foot?
Yeah, it's a month removed.
It's been gone?
Yeah, it's gone.
Now, how does that affect your ability to stand up?
But does it need big toes?
It seems to be doing pretty good in getting around.
So it turns out we don't...
The balance is all right.
We don't need our big toe for anything, do we?
I've been told, like, yeah,
unless I want to put basketball, you know what I mean?
What do they do with their big toe?
I may have some calisthenics or jumping problems, but...
But here's the creepy thing about the whole thing.
Can we see it?
Can you take it off?
It's all bandaged up.
Here's the weird thing, okay?
And I'm going to approach the weirdness in stages.
Our dungeon master, Spencer, has two toes fused together,
so he's technically also missing a toe.
David Friedel was my first dungeon and dragons buddy in high school.
David Friedel, his name is Germanic, Friedel,
but what did we call you?
Freedom.
Free toe.
Like the corn chip.
He is now free of a toe, like Spencer.
Who has two toes fused together?
Less impressive to Spencer's audience than I am.
Let's get started.
You're saying the string of meaningless quits and it says...
I'm saying...
Let's bring Spencer out right now.
Alright, let's bring Spencer out.
I want him to be free toe.
Spencer, this is my buddy, David Friedel.
This is my first Spencer.
We didn't really dungeon master, but we played D&D together, right?
Yeah, we did D&D together, but it was Shatter Ones.
That was the game that I ran later on.
You GM'd a little, right?
Yeah, that was the game that I GM'd.
I mean, the Dungeons and Dragons sketch that you wrote for the Alewise,
I remember you ran that session,
and that was one of the first sessions
when the three or four of us all got together to start playing.
It was real early on freshman year,
and, you know, almost...
I don't want to say verbatim that you took that set from that session,
but there's a lot of stuff that I remember that came out.
Yeah, that was a great thing.
How do you think Spencer's been doing?
Oh, he's great.
Excellent.
I spent the last couple of days really kind of catching up on the podcast tour
and things like that,
and even this afternoon with my wife,
we were listening to the Turtle Panties episode,
where you sort of, in my opinion,
I think you were setting up the tour very, very well,
so I'm just fascinated.
I'm two or three podcasts behind,
but I really can't wait to hear what's kind of been going on
and get caught up.
Thanks, man. That's awesome.
Dave, what was your character in D&D?
I couldn't remember.
I mean, Ars Magica was one of the other...
Ars Magica.
Yeah, that was where Maxwell art fell.
I forgot the name of that.
Yeah, that was where Maxwell art fell character was Ars.
I can't remember my character name,
because they were always pretty dumb.
Dave was my first friend in high school,
and he's my first drinking buddy, too.
We used to get drunk.
We would raid the parents' booze cabinets,
and we would mix tequila with Mountain Dew,
and apple juice, and anything else.
Anything we could get our hands on.
And I can't drink gin to this day,
because we had one bottle of gin,
and that's all we had, and I drank so much,
but I puked, and anything with gin in it
will now make me puke.
Not important.
I mean, you guys are the people that don't give a shit
about your toe nexus.
So at this point, I mean,
pearls before swine, frankly.
I'll just tell you what I had for breakfast in the morning.
Your toe was cut off right at the base of the toe, or where?
Yeah, it's kind of at an angle.
I mean, I...
I could take the shoe off, but not...
Take it off. Take the shoe off.
I didn't know.
I think we owe it to the audience to see
what the hell's going on here.
All right, well, he does that.
Spencer, I'm being attacked by an orthopedic surgeon.
Rushing at you with his bone saw,
the orthopedic surgeon has eyes only for your foots.
He dives directly at you, sore drawn,
bloodless, raging in his eyes.
Foot.
That's all.
That was...
Smooth jazz DM fusion.
Not the track I would have chosen.
I hit the wrong track.
Speaking of...
Something terrible is going on here.
Oh, shit.
Oh, fuck. That is a man without a...
Yeah, so that's it.
Wait, so how recent was this?
This...
I lost... they annotated the toe on Christmas Eve morning.
So, yeah, like I said, 30 days...
But that's good luck, right?
Yeah, I don't...
I think that's...
So you didn't bring me shit. He took my toe.
They didn't cut the whole toe off. They cut it off in a diagonal.
Yeah, they kind of got it in a diagonal.
So you have that last phalange there?
Yeah, and I still have the...
Metatarsal. Sorry, Jesus Christ.
I don't think it's the same lady.
It's just from the darkness.
It would be weird if she was like...
It's still a phalange, isn't it?
Phalanges are here.
What's at stake, sir?
Come on, dude, what?
Finish your thought.
Come on, dude, get your toe shit together.
You're going to get late tonight.
I have a girlfriend.
I...
I'm skipping town tonight.
Like a thief in the night.
I want you to get your money's worth, but...
Aren't they still called phalanges in your toes now?
They are.
Metacarpals and metatarsals in your foot.
The end are still called phalanges, right?
There's the carpals and the metacarpals
and the tarsals and the metatarsals,
and I think those are all phalanges.
Yeah, so fuck off whoever you are.
Crazy drunk foot doctor lady.
No more my ties for her.
And foot books.
She's drunk on knowledge.
She's abusing it.
So, Dave, you had a blister that went bad,
and now part of your toe is gone.
That's fucked up.
It's a cautionary tale, if ever there was one.
Take your blisters seriously, people.
What did you do wrong?
What can you tell these poor kids?
If you could go back in time...
And donate sweets, if you're diabetic,
take your insulin and stuff like that.
That's the other component of it as well.
I wanted to be the same lady the whole time.
I'm like, oh, diabetes!
What expertise?
Do you see your diabetes in Wisconsin?
Wait, what did you say about diabetes in Wisconsin?
We're going to cure it in Wisconsin.
We're going to cure it in Wisconsin?
Oh, we'd cure it.
Okay, well, yeah.
I hope so.
Is that a diabetes thing?
I mean, that was...
To say that that wasn't a contributing factor,
I mean, because I do have diabetes.
Yeah, that would...
Okay, so it's not that you ate a bunch of Twinkies
and got a blister in your toe came off.
It wasn't that simple, but...
Yeah.
It's the combined whatever actions
of having the disease...
Oh, I see.
You had an infection that went awry.
But it is an infection that, yes, went to the very awry.
So what could you have done differently?
I think the thing was...
Well, the thing that I think...
Well, I mean, I don't know other than perhaps
to have seen the doctor more often.
Got in the state on the antibiotics,
with the blogger, things like that.
Oh, I see.
I just want to know if that guy said...
He's not going to leave him alone or leave it alone.
Was that your advice about a blister?
Leave it alone!
Like, he picked at it until his toe came off.
Stop picking at it.
I have one last thing to ask about diabetes.
Dave, is it true
of what I heard
that it can be cured
with a rap
about diabetes?
Yes!
No toe.
What a brother knows.
Hey, too many Twinkies lost my toe.
Going down low.
Free toe. Free toe.
Got to lose his toe.
Went to the doctor the other day.
Said, what am I going to do?
Put it up on the table.
You're going to be in a toless table.
If you don't...
Follow my directions.
Fuck your mama with my erections.
Madison, Madison, Madison.
Capital building!
Man town, USA.
She thought I was gay.
How could you be that attentive to women
without knowing just part of it yourself?
That's what she meant.
She wasn't homophobic.
No way.
She was an advocate.
And we spent a long summer together.
And I fucked her a lot.
Is it the weirdest audience
that we've ever had, Jeff?
In terms of their relationship with us?
It's the audio here.
It's the distance between us and the darkness.
It's a cavern.
You guys are like dark crystal muppets.
We can only see shapes.
And in here...
Ideally, you would all be up on stage surrounding us.
We would all be like...
I'm still trying to figure out
what makes you angry and what makes you clap.
There's a sense of outrage
when I...
What's that, sir?
Can we talk about it?
Yes, we can talk about it.
Otherwise, there's no show.
Are you saying, sir,
that you'd like to talk about it?
What's your name, sir?
Ethan.
Can you scream a little up here, Ethan?
If you're young and spry,
you can do it this way, yeah.
All right, Ethan.
Hey, Dan Orman.
Can I sit down?
Yeah, yeah, sit down.
Thank you.
No, stand up like a gentleman.
All right.
Jeff Davis,
I earned Dave Freeland's status
where you can just sit down.
You have to cut off your psyche's toe
before you get a chair.
Jeff Davis, I would follow you to the gates of hell.
Is that right?
I knew you before I knew Dan Orman.
Well, God bless you.
What's your name again? Ethan.
Ethan, Ethan.
Will you sing a country song for us?
Which one?
This one.
Take it, Ethan.
I've never been to Texas.
I don't know what they think.
Maybe it was fun in Austin.
But why are you avoiding Milwaukee?
All right.
Pretty good.
That's not bad. Not bad.
Here's why. Are you from Milwaukee?
No, I'm from Chicago.
I couldn't get tickets,
so we drove here
and I love you so much.
You should have called me.
I tried to Twitter you, but it didn't work.
It's routing.
It's just routing.
It's nothing personal between me and Milwaukee.
All the way, I was beaten there.
You were beaten there?
Most people do get beaten in their hometowns.
Who's in Milwaukee tonight?
Who's in Milwaukee tonight that you can be there?
Who beat you to Milwaukee?
I don't understand what you're saying.
He was beaten in a child.
He wasn't beaten there in a can of child abuse.
Child abuse.
Schneider was in Milwaukee.
His parents could be there.
I was beaten there by Bob Goldsway.
We're on the world's least viewing reality show.
I'm so sorry. I wasn't beaten.
I was just abandoned.
I want to...
Can we hug it eventually, like, later, like, after the show?
The dance is something I've never seen on the podcast,
and it kind of blows my mind a little bit.
Do you want to touch me?
A little bit, yeah.
All right.
So you're from Chicago.
What's your biggest fantasy, Ethan?
Like, I don't know, like, what do you want?
My biggest fantasy would be to have, like,
three dudes, like, animate anything I told them to animate.
And, dude, no, no, no.
My biggest fantasy would be to have
Justin Woodward be my partner in the series.
Ethan, do they have to be dudes?
That's a good question.
It's part of your fantasy that only dudes animate your fantasies.
Ooh.
I think the animation part is the necessary part.
No, no, no, no.
I think that's really important. Dudes.
Dudes. They got wieners.
They're not Mexican.
They're not going to say that word.
Okay.
Fucked up, went down a dark road.
Whoever it is, or if there's anyone of any version
of Latin origin here, you come upstage and...
Any Latinos here?
Okay. The toe expert lady.
Are you okay with being white?
What's up?
Am I okay being white?
Well, I...
Membership has its privileges.
You get a bigger car. You get a longer driveway.
You get to talk, and not just in the driveway.
You get to golf, and you get to eat mayo.
I love being white.
Yeah, yeah, oh.
I don't know.
It's...
It's burdensome.
It's got to be the hardest race to be, right?
Because of all the guilt.
Well, I've listened to, like, every one of your shows,
and lately, even, it seems like you've been really...
You've been talking about it a lot.
I'm working on a lot of my issues on the road.
Like, there's some themes developing.
Race is...
I mean, race has always been a theme of the show,
but we're getting more specific.
Like, I brought all the black people in the audience
on the stage.
Yeah, yeah, that was weird.
And then I started rapping about fucking, like, government.
And here's another thing that happened.
It hasn't aired yet in Chicago.
We started rapping at the end of the show,
and then it turned into, like, this weird,
low-stakes American Idol thing where
people started coming up, and they wanted to rap,
and people would boo them or not,
and then they would get off and set this line for it.
And then this guy that wasn't really a Harmontown fan,
I think he had been dragged away by his friends,
kind of a...
A stout?
Yeah, his name was Khalil.
He closes the show, a spoiler, but he's like...
His demeanor is very, like, giggly offstage,
but he came up with, like, this kind of, I would say,
ice-cubish kind of, like, register,
and he laid it out,
and he used the N-word with grace and...
Yeah, and I had a fucking spasm.
Because I don't want to ever have...
I don't want to ever say it,
but I love it.
And I do have some kind of strange...
Like, I got something to work out with black people.
I don't know what it is.
Should we bring all the Latinos up on stage right now?
I don't have anything to do with that.
Okay, why that, though?
Why are you bringing Latinos up on stage?
That's kind of weird.
Why not?
Well, yeah, it seems racist to think that's weird.
Why is it still weird?
Well, all the Latinos are going on stage right now, please.
All the Latinos are on stage.
Okay, if you were vaguely laughing...
Okay, we got two takers.
Ethan out!
Thank you, Ethan.
Thank you, Ethan. That was cool.
All right, Ethan did one of the cool Armageddon moves.
He just missed himself.
We like that.
I say give Ethan a t-shirt if we can handle it.
All right, we gotta hug the...
This has five Latinos.
What's your names?
Dave.
Dave?
Dan.
Dan?
I know I look white.
Hey, listen, oh my god.
Sarah, but I'm only half.
Sarah half, okay.
Liana.
Did you say...
Oh, Liana.
Liana.
All right.
So, what did you hear at the city?
Well, I'm Hispanic and like one-sixteenth Apache, so...
Nice.
Me too, me too.
I just realized this is as close as we'll ever get.
Okay, two people in the audience are gonna get this.
This is as close as we'll ever get to having,
being able to recreate the animated Rubik's Cube cartoon from the 80s.
There was a Rubik's Cube cartoon.
It's called Rubik the Amazing Cube.
And for some cool reason, I don't know that it was...
They made it, it was like a Hispanic family.
Rubik wasn't...
He was like an ET kind of figure that could turn into anything Rubik colored.
And in every episode, he'd fall off a shelf and get scrambled.
So that's when he loses his powers, you have to solve him.
But the kids that traveled with him, they were brothers and sisters.
They were all...
I don't know if they were Mexican or what the...
They spoke with accents.
The actors they hired had accents and they...
I remember being a kid and going, this is weird.
But I had no problem with it.
Maybe it's because Minuto was big.
And they were like, let's be like, let's make it, let's cash in on this Minuto thing.
The way everything was Australian when Crocodile Dundee came out.
They were just ahead of their time though.
There's definitely going to be a majority in the United States in like, what, 50 years or something like that?
Tomorrow?
Yeah, that really is what it is.
But then, you know, have fun with the Chinese.
Take...
All the Chinese people come to the stage right now.
Every Chinese person has to come to the stage.
No, but you have to be a citizen of China.
You can't just be some awesome Chinese dude.
I want it like a national up here.
So Dan, we have five Latinos up on stage.
It wasn't really my call.
I mean, I'm saying maybe sing a song or...
Samba!
Samba.
Isn't that racist though?
There's a fine line between irony and...
Everyone that's yelling stuff out right now, you're all crossing a weird line.
Make them do this! Make them do that!
At least learn their names or something.
Well, here's the same thing to do.
Shut up for a second.
Then you won't cross any lines.
I don't want to make them dance or sing.
But I think they should do a scene about drug safety.
About drug safety?
Yeah.
Okay, you guys are my family.
I'm your youngest child.
I'm 15.
You're my mom.
You're my dad.
You're my little brother.
And you said you were...
You said I'm only half or something like that?
Okay, you play our white housekeeper.
My name is Ramon.
Ramon, okay.
I'm your mom.
I know you do to moms.
But not my mom.
You're safe.
You're the only one that's safe.
Mom, dad, I'm home.
I'm Ramon.
Ramon, we love you.
I'm a vaguely Italian.
He's better than Tina.
I'm going to go to my room, okay?
I just want my privacy.
I won't be down for dinner.
I've never seen a kid in my life like that.
He must have been pretty drunk at the conception.
Oh, I've smoked up so much weed.
Oh, I'm Ramon.
I hate to tell you this.
That's just okay to tell you.
I was cleaning his room.
I'm done.
I noticed there was some stuff
in his underwear drawer.
Youngest son, what do you know about this?
Well, considering that we share a bunk bed,
we shoot up like five times a week.
Well, I'm actually not high anymore.
29 is getting down.
Actually, I'm kind of hungry.
I'll go down for dinner.
Actually, I am kind of hungry.
I'm down for dinner.
All right, fantastic.
What are we getting?
Beans and rice, something like that?
No taco in the chiladas as usual.
I get high, okay?
I get high.
I mean, why shouldn't I?
Right?
It's a white man's country.
I mean, what did it mean to them?
We're nothing.
Nothing!
Have you seen that cartoon about the Rubik's Cube?
You know, I mean, we've come a long way.
No, what do you mean?
Well, there it is on the TV.
What is that cube?
Multiple colors.
I get it.
I bet white people won't get it, but I do.
It's diversity.
It's the Rubik's Cube.
I get it.
It's the wave of the future.
But why, when you solve the cube,
do you do it by separating all the colors into sections?
30 years later, I am remote.
I am a violent separatist.
I have taken over the world.
Oh, I got shot in the head.
It wasn't fatal, but oh, my parents, my family,
my white housekeeper.
I'm sorry I turned my back on you for 30 years.
I shouldn't have gotten high.
Porque!
Thank you, Latinos.
All right, there are Latinos.
Our Latino audience, everybody.
Thank you so much.
Make them dance.
Make them sing.
You guys don't know how to approach these things delicately.
I live in Los Angeles.
Those are basically my people.
I can't step too far forward or it rings out.
Jeff, this is your last show with us for a couple of shows.
I leave Harmontown for the next two shows.
I'll see if I can scramble to find somebody to fill in for you.
Is there any requests you have?
I would like to see more Jerry McSeinfeld.
Dan unleashed a new character where he's the Irish version of Jerry Seinfeld.
We were in Chicago, I think.
No, no, no. We were in Bloomington.
Jerry McSeinfeld.
Can I get somebody in the audience?
What's a pet peeve?
Jerks.
Jerks, okay.
Talking on phones in line.
Talking on phones.
Somebody in line in front of you talking on a phone.
This is Irish Jerry Seinfeld, Jerry McSeinfeld.
Good evening!
Hi, hi!
I would have gotten here sooner.
But I have to wait in line.
There was a guy in front of me.
He kept doing one of these. You ever see one of these?
This guy, this guy holding my hand up like a phone.
Who's he talking to?
Well, how's that conversation going?
Oh, I'm in line.
Hey, everyone's in line.
I'm not telling the world about it.
You want to call somebody?
Use a phone booth.
Thank you, Dan.
What's up with all these phones?
When did phones become so important?
In my day, you didn't have to have a phone all the time.
Now they're everywhere.
I guess that's just technology.
Something in the news.
The Taliban.
Why do they call them the Taliban?
This sounds so playful.
The Taliban are coming over.
That sounds fun, don't it?
Call them the Skullfuckers or something.
Call them the booger-eaters.
At least intimidate them a little bit.
Call you the booger-eaters.
Then I won't blow so many things up.
I observe these things with my Irish perspective.
I share them.
If you agree, then you like it.
If you don't, then I scratch it off my set list.
What's something that really gets your goat?
To drive to work.
To drive to work?
I get you dead.
That expression, get me goat.
How do you get someone's goat?
I don't want your goat.
Can't you hold it down?
Why do you hold something up?
Why can't you hold it down?
He's a little drunken.
He's a hot hot hot hot hot bull.
That's just a few things I've been observing.
I want a Jerry McSeinfeld rap.
About whatever's in your mind.
Alright.
Bring it down.
Yo, yo, I'm Jerry McSeinfeld, I'm here to say a few things I observed in a casual way.
If they resonate with you, I'd like you to laugh or applaud, and if you don't, what's up with giraffes?
Why are their necks so long? Why can't they eat smaller trees all along?
Oh, I went to the zoo. What's a cordon nut? It's not a nut!
Oh, please!
We gotta do a thing. I'm gonna go at a breakneck pace now and do some confusingly elaborate shit really fast.
My hero and mentor who taught me not only improv but in comedy sports, how to be a cool, good person and have respect for the audience.
His son was in Pittsburgh and freaked me out, and then he told his dad that I was coming to Madison and he came here.
Bob Orvis, can you come up to the stage?
Bob Orvis.
Whoa, he bolted.
There he is. Bob Orvis.
And Morgan Grobe, our tour manager, you need to come up here because I'm gonna use him for something.
We'll do it as quickly as possible because I have to do it. Where's Morgan?
Morgan Grobe, everybody.
Morgan's the brains on the road. He keeps us on schedule.
Okay, we're gonna play Story because that was the first game I ever learned from Bob and it was the first time anyone ever respected me as an adult and said, hey, you're good at Story and I'm not good at it, but Jeff, you're gonna play it too.
And I feel like Spencer would be kind of good at this.
And the interesting thing is when Dan was playing Story, he is right after he had his ass kicked in Milwaukee and his eyes were so swollen that he could only look up the bottom of his eyes.
So getting his ass kicked was a true story.
And it wasn't Hispanic people that did it.
You know what? It was Black people.
Maybe that's what it was. Maybe I got this ass beating and it was like, why did they hate me? What can I do for them?
I don't know. I gotta work it out. I've got ten cities left or something. I'll figure out what my deal is with Ray's.
Explain the game for them.
Well, it's pretty simple. You tell a story. Whoever he points to, it tells a story until he points at someone else. It's like basic improv game.
Hey, is there room for MacGaffies to have a mic?
Can we have one of the mics?
We only have four mics.
All right. Eric MacGaffy, I'm ready.
We can share our mics. Save Spencer until Spencer can observe how it works. I think he'll be okay with it.
Okay. All right. Let's start. We need the title.
A title of the story.
Dan Harmon's Excellent Adventure.
Okay. Fine. A little meta, but maybe it'll be a critical hit.
Thank you. My jokes agent, ladies and gentlemen.
It was a cold and windy night. Dan Harmon had just stopped fucking the lights off my mother.
When a thought occurred to him, what if I took a jar of peanut butter and wore it as a hat and became the mayor of Madison, Wisconsin?
With that work?
He said to himself as he peeled sweaty socks off of his hands. It had been a long time since he peeled sweaty socks off of anything.
If you know what I mean.
But we didn't know what he meant, so he demonstrated how he'd peel those hot, sweaty socks.
Inch by inch. Inch by inch.
The painstakingly he pulled off the sock, peeling slowly off his sweat-stained skin.
The man decided to throw him against...
the fire, which had been firing in the corner.
For centuries.
Dan burst into the yard with a gun.
It was a small gun. It was a harmless gun, because that's Dan Harmon.
Belief, nonetheless.
Nine rounds to kill nine people.
He was going to rob nine people of their souls by shooting them.
I don't need to over-explain this, do I? I mean, it's murder. It's been around forever.
I'm sorry, I tried to make it fancy.
Dan walked into the yard with the gun and saw in the...
Corner of the yard, a small flower. It changed his mind for a moment.
And then his mind changed back to murder.
He went somewhere absolutely... unusual.
He decided he wasn't going to rip that flower apart.
He was just not going to water it.
He just watched it sit and die.
Went the days as they flew off the calendar.
Finally, the flower died.
And he thought to himself, murder's a strange thing.
Why did I walk out here with a gun?
And then he remembered why and shot his next door neighbor, who was a man by the name of Fred.
Fred has been a gardener for about 14 years.
Dan had stoned that gardener, that sexy little gardener, with his long shears and his flirtatious eyes,
full of little heart shapes.
Woo! Woo!
The police pulled up at Dan's apartment.
Oh, what's all this then, said Officer McSeinfeld?
I couldn't have but noticed that your front yard is a...
A guest with dead people? What's with dead people?
I just think it's a strange thing to have one's yard.
I mean, I'm no decorator, but I think I have a high-pitched voice.
Because I am Irish Seinfeld. What's the deal with blood on your shoes?
Why do they come to yards where they're foot?
I mean, they're arranged in feet.
Right?
Hey, why are we all sucking helium? We were asking each other.
Suddenly, Dan turned to the side, and he saw Fredo's toe creeping toward him.
It menaced slowly in the side yard of the shade as it revealed itself.
Hi, Dan. Would you like a piece of cake?
Fredo's toe...
Make it flow like...
Yeah!
For all the children!
When Dan's gun...
He shot Irish Seinfeld.
Oh, why do they call it getting shot?
Said Irish Seinfeld.
Why don't they call it getting bulleted?
Bob Armist, everybody!
Bob Armist!
I love you, Bob. Thank you.
Yeah.
He taught you well.
I did it. We did it.
I used to do that for a living.
Now I do this, not for a living.
I don't know how much of it makes any sense.
Dan, you know what time it is?
It's D&D time.
Spencer, if you would.
Release the character sheets.
Erin McGathy, back to the stage.
I lost my vodka cup.
Oh, it's behind you.
Okay, thank you, sir. Thank you.
Finally, someone in the audience yells out something practical.
With the location of my booze.
I'm sorry. That was abusive.
You know what it is?
It's like, you leave the Midwest, you come back,
and you start acting like a dick.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Is there any way your shoes untied?
Someone just told me my shoes untied.
And when someone tells me my shoes untied,
I go berserk.
Yes, I know it's untied.
Oh, thank you.
All right, Spencer, if you would,
bring us up to date in our campaign.
Last time on Dragon Ball Z.
Okay, okay.
Our hero is trapped.
Stay up there, Fredo.
Our heroes, trapped deep within the bowels
of the mythical Infinifish,
discover a master swordsman.
After some prodding,
Vala sent the swordsman
decided to journey deeper with the party.
They headed fish west to a passage
covered in acid-filled trenches.
Using tender floating discs
across the passage,
they launched themselves through a meat curtain.
There, they saw a mysterious ice dock.
Using multiple abilities,
the creature charmed quark.
But after a fearsome nail-biting action sequence,
the eye was destroyed.
The group looked on to the three ways ahead
before deciding which way to proceed.
So do you guys remember you just killed that eye thing?
There's three different paths.
Right.
Yeah, there's three blue portals, right?
Yeah, they're like holes in the wall.
Are they labeled at all?
They are not labeled.
As a ranger,
do we have any sense for the right direction?
You have a pretty good sense of direction,
but most of that is reliant on weather
and or local flora and fauna
and not the other portals of a beast.
Gentlemen, I'm pretty confident
it's like door on the far right.
All right.
Or power of elimination.
I detect magic on all three of these orifices.
Neither of them are magical.
None of them are magical.
All right.
Being a barbarian known for my whimsy,
I walk up to the center portal
and I approach it and examine it.
It looks the same as the other two.
How big is it?
What's up?
How large is this portal?
I'd place it at about two and a half feet wide.
I put a finger in it.
Nothing happens.
Okay.
I ask the far left door if I say,
if I ask the right door,
if I should take the middle door,
will it tell me yes?
It gives a fever, it's feeble to the shuttle.
Dance, magic dance.
Vellison pipes up.
What are you guys doing?
Stick.
Oh, I like it.
We're doing bits.
We thought we were going to talk about swords.
Hey, Vellison, nice sword you got there.
Hey, man, thanks.
Where'd you get that sword?
It was forged in the fire of several thousand fire elementals.
No shit?
No, it wasn't.
I have an emerald dagger.
Do you like daggers or just swords?
They're like the baby sword.
Have you seen my flaming sword?
It's pretty wild.
I've seen it.
Can you make it strike far away?
Not yet, but can you teach me how to do that?
Well, as it happens, I can.
But it involves harnessing your rage.
I harness my rage to learn how to do something.
If it were that easy, you don't know.
I'm an angry student.
Well, let's see.
Swing your sword.
I swing my sword.
Nice.
Your foot, your footings a bit off.
So what?
Your footings a bit off.
Move your left foot.
Follow through.
Right.
Musical montage.
It's a new way that you use it.
I swing a sword.
Comes and goes.
I try on different outfits.
I giggle and shake my head and say next with my mouth.
Visual gag.
Okay, right.
So I go through a musical montage with Valis and do I learn how to use my sword better?
Let's see here.
Yep.
Oh shit.
Now you know how to use the secret of the far sword.
But remember, you can only use it once in a short while.
Why don't both of you guys use it on two of these doors and just in case there's something behind it,
I'm sure there's not like a beautiful human being on the other side, right?
That would be the worst-case scenario, yeah.
In fact, you know what?
Let me handle that part.
If there's a beautiful human being on the other side of any of these fingers,
you're about to get far-sorted.
If you're bound and gagged,
I'm bound and gagged now.
Don't sword.
Yeah, knocking that pattern.
Also, if there's a less beautiful being, you too.
You too, move.
You'll also be hurt.
Yeah, you'll be saving our lives.
Okay, so why don't you guys far-sword through these holes?
Okay, do we risk killing somebody that we don't want to kill?
You could close-sort them too.
Like they're not across a chasm or anything, like you could walk up to it.
But we're worried about something on the other side of them, like a trap or something.
Like something...
I got you.
Like something like a trap that could be cut and destroyed with a sword?
Yeah.
Well, I have trap sense.
That's true.
I sense traps.
You sense no traps?
Yeah.
And?
And there's no traps?
I walk through the middle portal.
Nice.
This passage has a high ceiling from which is hanging a large, shiny vein,
looking sack of flesh in the shape of the kidney vein.
Several arteries run from various walls into the dangling organ.
A huge central cord seems to be its main support coming down from the ceiling.
You can also see what appear to be blue-white sparks of light
with multiple arching limbs crawling to and fro across the surface of the organ.
I...
I asked Balacent if he'll follow me through the left...
a blood... what are the...
Tor...
Puck...
Pucker thing.
Yeah.
I'm stammering more than usual.
I explain that to him that I...
I don't...
I...
I stammer sometimes and then I take him through the...
the left one.
Hey, man.
I'm a swordsman, not like a speech coach.
Let's go.
I'm not.
I wasn't fishing for anything and I'm not.
I'm just explaining that I'm not.
Are you a... if-finafishing for something?
Sweetie, go through the right door.
Because if we're going to take this thing out,
we're going to have to kill its organs.
I say all at once, you know?
I think that's a good idea.
I will...
Okay, so...
I'll go through the right door.
I've been looking...
I think it's the kidney beans.
That's probably the kidney, right?
The kidney.
I'm looking at the kidney.
It's an infinite kidney.
An infidney.
An infine...
guys we're like a family let's all split up let's attack each organ that's all
going through different or portals at once and it will each attack I'm saying
I'm going through the left one with balance so I got the kidney so you go
to the left portal what is it what do you see in there let's see here this area
is more covered in veins and arteries than other rooms above you is an
intricate lattice of pinkish fibers and rope like strands the lattice starts
about 30 feet above your heads and the walls are pale pink spider web with the
delicate filigree of the veins there are no exits but above you the whooshing of
gases can be heard you occasionally see a flash of blue white sparks far over
head as the lungs right it's gotta be the lungs baby yeah so I got the kidney you
got the lungs Mulraine go into the right portal yes sir I go into the right
portal four slippery slopes play before you stretching down through the
blackness several hundred feet she found the balls you think that you can pick
one of these but you shouldn't be able to climb up too easily it's like a like
a water world or something you know like slides like water slides not not like
the movie like the knock-off park there's a part called water world yeah
man what are the odds that there wasn't a part called water like I'm just saying
the burden of proof isn't on me okay so I'm in the kidney room yeah you are how
far is that sack of kidney being shaped thing hanging above me I'd say it's a
couple feet ahead all right so I I attack it with my vigor with my flaming
sword flaming sword attack you strike the surface of the score the kidney being
apparently scoring a huge slice across its surface it's then that you see the
white blue sparks approach quickly they knit it back together healing it that's
that's why it's not called a temporary fish yeah so you went south her yeah you
can I punch up that that joke that's why they don't call it a finny fish yeah
because it's fine yeah I got a finite fish you know what Madison I love your
donuts there's just four slopes that go down work in different directions I'm
gonna I'm gonna go for it great sense of adventure so I I jump down I close my
eyes and I just jump randomly yeah
speeding down the slippery slope find yourself on a cushy landing there
appears to be a puddle of slime on the floor in a small spot that looks like a
pulsating sphincter nearby you're several hundred feet and I meet her no
way should we all go back up to the butthole we should all get back on that
right you don't even know that happened can they hear me if I call up to them
no I mean you just did and they didn't so okay what does this say silver staff
of silk yeah silver do you remember that thing that you climbed up out of the
hatch with all right yeah so it's it's a it's a long pole if you learn that if
you tap it against something it gets longer and there's a button that you
can press on it you don't know what it does it gets stuck they get stuck to get
stuck for the button try to unstick it I tap the staff on it's stuck I try to
unstick it it can't it's stuck you just said try to unstick it yeah try to
unstick it stop telling me what to do if it's not gonna a bully I'm not I'm not
hitting you I'm not hitting you I'm sorry the buttons not stuck the stick is
stuck stuck in what stuck in wherever you had it last you just can't move it
because it's stuck because it is a button stuck in this no the stick is stuck
the buttons not stuck I'm sick the stack right so I push the button it becomes
unstuck
I can't get a read on this audience but I like it yeah I can't figure it out yeah I
dig it well that was you know you just learned something did I yeah okay well
let me see if I did I stick the stick into the meat around me okay you do that
and it gets taller so if you hold on it'll it'll lift you into the air all
right I I want to reduce it again okay how do I do that you tap it again I tap
it there you go okay I push the button it gets stuck your relationship with
spacer has become curiously more paternal just give me a second here will
you I unstick I push the button again nice it gets unstuck okay okay it's like
a tape measure okay okay all right I can do this exchange the best gets a free
t-shirt I want to I want to I mean I'm sure it's not my turn anymore because I
just did all that bullshit but you know if it were my turn and I'm not saying it
is but I would I would rather it not be so I can figure out what I want to do I
take out my my emerald dagger and attack the kidneys you attack the kidneys
let's see if you hit let's see if you do damage you do seven damage but again
those sparkles knit the wound up fuck the sparks crawl across the wound
mending it the sparks then approach you with menace they miss thank God for that
I know what I want to do all right summon monster to okay want to summon my
squid okay can I control the squid does can I kind of like yeah I tell the
squid grab all those those lungs and squeeze them squeeze those lungs Albert
Albert the squid there are no lungs they there might be lungs far above you but
squeeze those alveoli squeeze those artery things that Spencer described the
squid fails to reach them they're too far overhead I press the button on the
squid
painted different squid guys sorry someone just asked question yeah all right
well well well well well I put the staff mm-hmm okay I tap it I'm gonna come
to climb up there you're now on the lattice you could climb it easily as if
it were a ladder I do so you climb it easily as if it were a ladder
if everything about Spencer is how bored he seems you can see the flashes of
light get closer and brighter darting to and fro across the stance strands you
can make out the spidery figures composed of bright light or some sort of
energy shit the figures speed up as you get closer you can see at the heart of
this webby mesh is a large thin wall of membrane behind which a bright glow is
cast you hear the whooshing of gas exchange
respiration the membrane expands and contracts rhythmically that's the lungs
and I can't I can't reach that from here but I bet a guy with a far sword power
could I leave the kidney room and enjoy in Sharpie and the lung room I'd be too
convenient you don't know that he needs you I give it he's doing he's not doing
for that reason he's doing it because I he owes me five dollars yeah I get
lonely and I leave the kidney room and I call out to Sharpie flash flash back to
yesterday hey cake can I rough out bucks yeah yeah but I want it back like you
always fucking forget about it look if we get sipped I don't fucking find you
all right well but I'm serious no matter what no matter what I don't care
what's going on I want you immediately 24 hours from now to sharpening you beat
my $5 back you're being you're being an asshole can you blame me neither a borrower or a lender being well do you
want me to follow that I need five bucks back fine swear to God swear to fucking
God okay what God all it's three okay I swear to all three gods if I ever if I
ever get separated from you and I owe these five blah blah blah flash forward
yeah I'll take it remembering that I owe sharpie five dollars I leave the
kidney room and climb back through the whatever me curtain or whatever portal I
went through you don't know what me curtain sharpies behind shit I go
through that the the left back portal all right great gas I remember he was
an lesson 30 feet overhead you see a pink mesh lattice of strands of some sort I
use my climb ability to climb up the lattice nope what attempting to scale
the wall you fail miserably you can see a silver staff reaching I tap I tap the
staff you climb up the staff above you you see the unprotected loins of a
roped figure sharpie your loins are hanging out well they they don't do a
lot else calling upon your training and harnessing your rage
you brandish your sword with much bigger and expertise with one clean stroke you
make a burst of wind emanate forth from your sword a large slash appears in the
membrane you feel like you might be able to crawl through it I crawl through it
you crawl through it you're inside of what seems to be a large spherical
chamber there's holes in the ceiling and through those holes you hear a
gurgling noise before a large blob of snot drops onto the floor before you it
arranges itself into a spider-like form you see blades appear on its limbs Jesus
it looks ready to anger fight sure me get in here I go through the membrane
all right that happens mean meanwhile by the sphincter yeah so there's a puddle
of slime in that sphincter I tie some of my rope to an arrow okay and I shoot I
shoot the arrow up the up the slide from once I came you can't shoot that far but
I try really hard right or I shoot half as far can I get like half away up you
can get half the way up I go I go I go half half the way and I'm yep I shoot
another arrow to get the other way in the other half up while I'm doing this I'm
longing for for Sharpie I'm imagining that maybe that maybe quirk came across as
loins and I'm jealous with a sense of partial embarrassment and jealousy it
gets you towards the top of that ledge we were talking about
by the way for podcasts this is my my my best high school friend Dave Frito has been sitting up for the entire time
I say that as somebody who has known Dan for a very long time what advice do you
have to my character that's trying to seduce him
if my character perspective it's a it's a good question
you can try a color of submission you kind of have to give it to his crazy
ideas right so any of the wacky goofy concepts that he's gonna bring up and if
you can just simply follow it and support on that that's generally how it works best
for us for sure
where we have right now so I Dan and I were inside the lunch at the lung thing
and and she's inside the bubble or we don't know what you're back in the main
room now she's back and she was aware of where Dan went so you don't have the
bullshit can she rejoin us blue she's there okay so we're all the lungs right
now yep yep all right cliffhanger and let's please thank Dave Frito for
sitting up here showing you a severed tail and for setting me down the path
that led me here to playing judges and dragons with you because the truth is I
bought that judges and dragons shirt that Dave saw but I actually like I just
bought it because I thought it was cool and I wanted to seem like a guy that
played Dungeons and Dragons I bought it I think I went to Gen Con and bought it
all right we gotta we gotta we gotta wrap things up for better for worse yeah
yeah I know I know we were told to get out of here like 9 30 so yeah I mean I
was really gonna be we gotta be off quicker than that because they got a
they're gonna mop the stage for you're wrapped things up that was a W with an
RAP wrap things up you're from here Dan we came to Madison Milwaukee's only
well like an hour away yeah and you're in we didn't we didn't meet your family
bones didn't come your mom and dad didn't come my brother's my brother's
still mad because I read his emails and Adam Goldberg read his emails and you
know I he wrote me even more hilarious emails about how mad he was I didn't
meet them because you know he's stupid and and he's overly dramatic and he's
five years older than me and he should he should he should be a big brother to
me and say you can do whatever you want you're my little brother but instead he's
a big knob and if you love your brother is it weird for you to come back to
Wisconsin and not not touch base at all with your family like they're only an
hour away and you rarely see them because what was last time you saw your
brother I don't know well I think it was like I think I came out for his
wedding to Milwaukee and he was gonna get married and then I had a big fight
with him the night before his wedding so that I just went to the zoo with my
girlfriend and went home
now I don't like him and he doesn't like me we can't we can't be together
without fighting you know it's like do you think you'll ever like as you get
older you'll ever be friends with me again I don't know well I mean we've
gone through periods where several years go by I was like we're cool with each
other you know because he's he has his business you know like like like we we
we overlap with interests like we were both into like computer modeling for a
while and like but it's gotta it's like it's a relationship dependent on a lot
of time and space like between like receptors like anytime it gets you know
I it's hard for me to not piss him off in some way how about your mom and dad
they're in Florida they're in Florida is your grandpa still alive which grandpa
Guadalcanal no he's not he died of it to see what's that yeah Guadalcanal you're
cheering the battle of Guadalcanal
are you sure you're cheering the oh yeah yeah both of my grandpa's on my mom and
dad's side by biological grandpa's they were both like hardcore like fucking
World War two guys like they both fought in different theaters I can't remember
one was the majestic I think my grandma my grandpa my mom's side it was a
Guadalcanal and like never talked about it then my grandpa grandpa on my dad's
side I I think he was in Europe I can't but I can't remember actually he was
somewhere badass and like that yeah and then I did improv and wrote Monster
House so we all contributed to freedom also I complain about the government
not stop but but you know what I never really realized no sacrifice meant
until I came to Madison
as I close down the show I wonder how to grow in Harmont
town my heart is a flower every minute's an hour that doesn't make sense but we've
all done sorry I thought you were interrupting but you're just sorry I
got a little hello Jeff I'm gonna miss you you're gonna leave for a couple
I'm gone for two days for two shows I have to go to shows with great proves
Ryan Styles in Washington and you're all you're gonna be on your own Aaron
McGathey's gonna be sitting where I'm sitting right now yeah and it'll be a
whole different kind of show
I'm gonna miss you Jeff I'm gonna miss you so much in Harmontown where P is
yellow and poop is brown when I first met you he was brought back in LA you
had some goo in your hand and you said what's this and I said it's love you
should be wearing a glove because it probably has germs in it or at least
microscopic worms in it in any case just put it down and let's drink and so you
did oh and we should tell them that we're going after the show because we're gonna go
to the Great Dane Bar it's like I think across the street so it's not that far
well I'll have beers and Dan will sign your shirt
yeah we'll sign your ship because Dan has a fraud complex and it won't be gone
very long I'll be back when we get to I think Salt Lake City Erin McGathy is
throwing swag to the crowd she doesn't throw shit very far sometimes it only
flies right into the first row
what's your name Alex wow Alex what a name now I'm making a song about Alex no
I'm not what's your name Andrew Andrew I'm making a song no I'm not what's your
name Joey Joey's got a sweater in your butt in your butt because your mom is a
slut no she's not I'm so sorry it just goes to that place when you're with Dan
I have a question for you I'm going to be away for a day or two oh no what are
you gonna do and I'm gone without me I'm gonna pee in this guy's mouth what's
your name Zach I'm gonna pee in Zach's mouth that's not enough you can't just
pee in guys mouth sorry Zach I'm not gonna pee in your mouth Zach what's your
favorite food pizza I'm gonna give Zach a pizza I don't know
I mean is that enough Jeff Jeff come on wrap it up give me a wrap
me wrap me you ever have me this is not a fucking gentle crowd like we don't get
fucking hard pour yeah yeah no do the do the M&M one so they can do the little
the Rihanna hook that'll make them feel like they got their money's worth
they shh do the suckers I'm PT Barnum yo yo yo yo mad town you got my feet on
the ground yo yo gonna rap gonna be badass not gonna be bad a winter Madison
now fuck your mama like a cow it's in the pasture and how but grab your titties
like two others and shut it and said give me the milk and then I'll make butter
with her I'm gonna put it in a bowl and eat it down I'm gonna fuck your mama's
pussy and use her titties to make butter I've already been over that
just give me a second but now do the refrain come on down to Harvintown turn that brown upside down butter
dairy come down to Harvintown dairy farmers from lake to lake of Madison ain't like that though they like shit like steak they like to eat it with potatoes I heard your mama's titties look like Cato
Kailin staying in a guest house creeping like a mouse well a murderer happens in
the background thank you for coming to Harvintown tonight you guys it's time to
go Dan Harvint one more time was it
but I'm not upside down
I'm Jeff Davis and Mackenzie Dave Freel Bob Orphus all of you who've helped us out
I'm excited on my back rapping from upside down I fucked your mama so hard she was a clown fucked her in her eyes fucked her in her nose fucked your mama till she started to grow we got the light
that your mama got the light it's time to go Dan doing too long a show tonight it's time to go I fucked your mama like bingo
I don't want to go I don't want to go everybody don't take photos Instagram do not Instagram do not Instagram me do not Instagram me I have a girlfriend Instagram is not cool
Instagram is not cool I am sorry I put a maybe pram in I'm going to fuck on your dick I put your titties inside I want you inside me till I get twice as wide
Oh my god, Jeff Davis gonna fuck me so hot.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
What?
Come on down to Harmontown, turn that frown upside down.
Alternately.
Pease yellow poop is brown.
Like style.
Come on down to Harmontown.
Thank you so much, good night.
Oh, Wisconsin.
Thank you, Allison.
We did it.
Thanks.
Bless you.
Bless you all.
Thank you, majestic leader. Thank you, man, as a mechanic.
A little half music, please.
Thanks by all. Thanks, freedom.